# Arduino---Thermal-Imaging-Vibration
Inspired by soma design's manifesto to "focus on bodies and perception", we ideated the first artifact to simulate common senses of plants on human bodies. In this way, a sense of symbiosis and empathy will be evoked in human perception, which is a potential way to practice arts of noticing. Specifically, we aim to design the noticing by bodily connecting humans and plants and building sharing sensation via the interaction. We provoked a wearable artifact on the finger and arm that integrates multiple sensors to assess and feel the plants stress through thermal imaging.
This design (see Figure 1-A) is based on the fact that temperature is one of the physiological indicators for assessing plants' wellbeing. Thermal imaging has been a feasible technology to detect the surface temperature for plants' stress detection. Thermal long-wave infrared (TIR) cameras (or simply thermal cameras) are calibrated sensors able to record emitted radiation in the thermal range (8–14 µm) and provide images representing temperature values per pixel. Different physical and chemical disturbances caused by pathogens affect the plant water status, which can be monitored by thermography. While this imaging techniques has been an essential tool in agriculture, it offers insights for building intimacy between humans and the plants surrounding them through the process of assessing plants' wellbeing. The designed artifact integrates a thermal camera, humidity sensor, vibration motor and LCD screen on the finger and arm. To assess and care for the plants' health, a user needs to directly touch the plants' leaves with finger. If the stress is detected, the motor will vibrate and create a feel of pain/ stress on the user's arm, thus enhancing empathy between humans and plants.
